feat: add a README.md (#13)
sonatype-nexus-community/community-project-template: README.md

# YOUR PROJECT NAME HERE

<!-- Badges Section -->
[![shield_gh-workflow-test]][link_gh-workflow-test]
[![shield_license]][license_file]
<!-- Add other badges or shields as appropriate -->

---

Introduce your project here. A short summary about what its purpose and scope is.

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Development](#development)
- [The Fine Print](#the-fine-print)

## Usage

Use this section (and any additional sub-sections) to explain how to use this project.

Include:
- Installation
- Configuration
- Execution

## Development

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## The Fine Print

Remember:

> It is worth noting that this is **NOT SUPPORTED** by Sonatype, and is a contribution of ours to the open source community (read: you!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is part of the [Sonatype Nexus Community](https://github.com/sonatype-nexus-community) organization, which is not officially supported by Sonatype. Please review the latest pull requests, issues, and commits to understand this project's readiness for contribution and use.
```

I've always felt weird about this line. I'd actually like to start replacing it everywhere, if we can agree on a replacement snippet.

* Use this contribution at the risk tolerance that you have
* Do NOT file Sonatype support tickets related to this project

> * DO file issues here on GitHub, so that the community can pitch in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* File suggestions and requests on this repo through GitHub Issues, so that the community can pitch in
* Use or contribute to this project according to your organization's policies and your own risk tolerance
* Don't file Sonatype support tickets related to this project— it won't reach the right people that way
```

Tweaked the language here to match the conversational tone.

> Phew, that was easier than I thought. Last but not least of all - have fun!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last but not least of all - have fun!
```

First person POV text might not be a good fit for templating.
